Data about a telecommunication that provids home phone and Internet services to 6000 customers.

Data Description

Customer Gender: The customer’s gender: Male, Female

Is Senior: Indicates if the customer is 65 or older: Yes, No

Partner: Indicate if the customer has a partner: Yes, No

Dependents: Indicates if the customer lives with any dependents: Yes, No. Dependents could be children, parents, grandparents, etc.

Customer Tenure: Indicates the total amount of months that the customer has been with the company.

Has Phone Service: Indicates if the customer subscribes to home phone service with the company: Yes, No

Multiple Lines: Indicates if the customer subscribes to multiple telephone lines with the company: Yes, No

Internet Plan: Indicates if the customer subscribes to Internet service with the company: No, DSL, Fiber Optic, Cable.

Online Security: Indicates if the customer subscribes to an additional online security service provided by the company: Yes, No

Device Protection: Indicates if the customer subscribes to an additional device protection plan for their Internet equipment provided by the company: Yes, No

Tech Support: Indicates if the customer subscribes to an additional technical support plan from the company with reduced wait times: Yes, No

Streaming TV: Indicates if the customer uses their Internet service to stream television programing from a third party provider: Yes, No.

Streaming Movies: Indicates if the customer uses their Internet service to stream movies from a third party provider: Yes, No.

Contract: Indicates the customer’s current contract type: Month-to-Month, One Year, Two Year.

Paperless Billing: Indicates if the customer has chosen paperless billing: Yes, No

Payment Method: Indicates how the customer pays their bill: Bank Withdrawal, Credit Card, Mailed Check

Monthly Charge: Indicates the customer’s current total monthly charge for all their services from the company.

Total Charges: Indicates the customer’s total charges since being customers of the company.

Customer Satisfaction: overall satisfaction level of the customer, rated on a scale of 1 to 5

Churn Label: Yes = the customer left the company this quarter. No = the customer remained with the company.